Stir the soup according to the onscreen directions.

Perform chest compressions by pressing ENTER
when a heart coming from the right of the screen
overlaps with the stationary heart on the left
at a rate of around 100 beats per minute.

Move all stones to the rightmost stand.
There are only two rules:
1. You can't put a bigger stone on top of a smaller one.
2. You can only move one stone at a time.

My brain melted; can I please skip this puzzle?

Press ESC to reset the puzzle or receive a hint.

Continue by moving the third stone to the middle stack and placing the two smallest stones on top of it the same way as you moved them to the rightmost stack.

Continue by moving the biggest stone to the rightmost stack and moving the two smallest stones to the leftmost one.




Dialogues

Shiori~n! Shiori Novella here, at your service.
*stab*
Aaaaa!!!
Now, how would Shiori Cookvella prepare this flesh?
*! exclamation emote*
I know! Let’s ask Dimitri himself!
*turns to laptop*
Dimitri AI! How to best prepare human flesh for consumption?
I wouldn’t recommend eating it. Eating human flesh can lead to a variety of health issues, including but not limited to, Creutzfeldt–Jakob disease, with a mortality rate of 100%.
As if that is going to stop me.
I don’t feel too well...
Oh nyo, I think he kaputted.
*pause*
You’re dead after I cut off only a little piece of your arm? Wow, you suck.
*pause*
No offense, though.

Before that, can you go check up on Biboo? She’s in the basement/streaming room.
Wait, Biboo’s here too?
Yeah, I’m getting a little worried about her; I knocked her out pretty hard.
Eh? Wh-Why did you have to knock her out?
Because she was trying to call the police.
Oh, that... that makes sense. Sure, I’ll go see if she’s fine.
Thanks, and I’m going to go get some tools for the body.
O-Okay. Well then, I'm off to go check up on Biboo.
*Shiori leaves*
Two girls one corpse.


These are too heavy. It’s hard to carry them down the stairs without... Aaaa!
*fade to black* *bam bam bam sounds*
I fell down the stairs. Again.
Good thing I have this big dumpy of mine. About the only time it comes in handy, though.
*yawn* Huuu-uhh. (Nerissa said, as she yawned profusely.)
Sleepy as always, except during the night when the insomnia kicks in.
Eh huh...
Anyway, I have to get this/these back to Shiori; let’s get going!

Good God.

Oh, fudge!

It's a collection of porcelain dolls.
I used to have way more of these; 32 to be exact.

Salt is jumping at your thighs.

Hi, Pepper!
*shits on the floor*
Pepper?! I can’t believe you would just shit on the floor right in front of me. Again.

Girl dinner it is, then.

I’m not a cheater, I’m Nerissa!

Hiya darlings, my name is-
...
Eh?
*pause*
What is going on?
*pause*
Oh, hi, Rissa!
He’s dead! What have you done?
It’s fine; we can still talk to AI Dimitri.
W-What? No that’s... that’s not what I meant.
Anyway, I need you to help me hide this body. Someone might come looking for him and I don’t want to be caught with it in my house.
Umm... ok. But how do we do it?
I don’t know. Let’s ask AI Dimitri!
How to hide a body, Dimitri? I can’t get caught; I have to protect our happy sugar life!
Don’t. Call the authorities and turn yourself in.
Shiori taps on the keyboard.
Better ask Emomitri.
You could cut up the body into small pieces, mix it with potting soil, and plant something in it. The body will be nowhere to be found and will quickly end up absorbed into the soil, and later the plant.
Now we’re talking! Okay, now, what is the best way to eat it?
Eating human flesh is dangerous, especially if raw or undercooked. Your cooking is literally poison, Shiori.
Never mind.

I’m shorry, but I have to do thish.

Damn, I wish someone tied me up like that.
Nerissa? What are you doing here?
Shiori called me to help with the... umm...
... the body?
... yeah ...
Okay, whatever. Quick, untie me, please. We need to call the police!
The police?! I-I’m afraid I can’t do that, Biboo.
What? Why not?
If we call the police, Shiori is going to get arrested, and I don’t want to let that happen.
If she turns herself in, she will get a reduced sentence! This is the best option. Do you really want to help her hide that body? You will be complicit in that crime! Do you want to go back to that cell?
N-No, but... I-I don’t want Shiori to go back there either.
...
...
Okay, it’s your choice. By the way, can you at least get me something to eat? I haven’t eaten anything all day. I’m starving.
Yeah, sure. I’ll go get you something.
Thanks.
But before I go, can I ask you a very important question?
Yeah, sure. What is it?
Can I touch your boobies?
... right now? In this situation?!
Yeah! Anytime is a good time to touch some boobies!
Just go already.
Okay...
Once I get out of here I’ll tell on them to all of my moms.
-pause-
Okay, she’s gone. Now is the best time to look around this place and find something that could help me get out of this situation.
*turn to rock, slip out of chair, turn back*
Let’s go, there’s no time to waste!

What’s this? A pebble? What is it doing here?
-pause-
In any case, this could be it. If I manage to find three others, I’ll be able to perform the secret ritual to summon all pebbles, which will surely be enough to overpower everyone!
I should probably check other rooms too; there might be more elsewhere in the house.
Fortunately, the door doesn’t seem to be locked, but I still have to be careful. I can’t get caught snooping around.
II think I can hear someone's footsteps!
Quick, I have to return to the chair to avoid suspicion!

Okay, this is the last one. Now, let’s go back to the streaming room.
*teleport*
Now I only need one last component, the blood of the innocent!
Fortunately, there seems to be a fresh body waiting in the kitchen. Let’s go!

I'm not a chihuahua, I'm Fuwawa!
I'm not Fuwawa, I'm-
Aaaaaaa!!!
Wh-What is going on?
I don’t know...
He’s so cold.
What should we do?
Call an ambulance, Moco-chan! And I will go look for some bandages to patch him up! I think Shiori probably keeps some in the bathroom.
Okay, got it!

Wait, let me save some for later.
*cut animation* wait until over
*walk to the fridge, stop (wait 60), and walk back*
*continue the scene*

I guess it’s Shiover now!

It’s Shiover.

Neeeeigh.

Dang it!

The slab archive.
It's an idol meeting chair.
At least I don’t have to hover over this one.

It's a couple of rubber ducks.
Hi there, my rubber duckies!

It's a book titled “How Not to Tangent.” with a handwritten note attached, saying: ” Never mind, they love it.”
Well, that was a waste of money.

I guess he really is now “The Meat Tree”.

I guess he won’t get to have his happy sugar life now.

I can’t get caught; I have to protect our happy sugar life.

That would be sadshi.
I would be sadshi if that happened.

Willy Wonka.
Willy Wonka’d.
Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory.

Shiori, you sick fuck. (Shiori to herself)

My OCD is kicking in. It’s never going to be perfect. My parents are never going to love me.
It’s a joke. It’s a joke.


*before cutting up the body*
He’s getting a little stiff. I guess he had a visit from a certain Mortis.
Rigor mortis.
Anyway, let’s get to work. There’s no time to waste.

*Shiori looking at the body*
Is something wrong?
I wonder how this looks under a microscope.
...
Maybe I should take a sample.
*takes sample*

I guess the Inkwell Residence is now a murder house.
Not too far off my childhood home.
Eh?
It’s a joke. It’s a joke. I love my parents, I swear.
Oh, Shiori~n.

I don’t think I can manage the body all on my own while Biboo is here. I think I need some help.
*pause*
I know, let’s call Rissa!

*shiori calling*
It’s Shiori! Good thing I just finished my soup bath. Tee hee.
Hey, Shiori! What’s up?
Hi, Rissa. Could you come over right now? I will need to ask you a favor once you’re here.
Mhm. Of course. Anything for my beloved Shiorin! I will be there in an instant.
Cool, I’m waiting for you then.
Love you, baby girl.
Okay, see ya.
*hangs up*
Oh Shiori~n. 

It's a suitcase with a combination lock.
This is where I keep my hacksaw. Okay, now, what was the code? I don’t remember, but think I have it written down somewhere. Maybe in my bedroom? I feel like I’m walking back and forth all over the house, but at least this will help me get my steppies done for today.
*if opened without note*
Or I could just brute force it.

Oh, I found it!
The note where I wrote down the code to the suitcase in the basement!
A handwritten note with the code “050_” written on it. The last digit is illegible.
Well, I can just brute force the last one.

I don't know the last digit of the code, but that's not going to stop Shiori Bruteforcevella!

Maybe I should stay home?
Stay home and watch Shiori’s vods.
Go anyway.

As my last wish, I would like to ask you one last time to
Give me head pats.
Step on me.
Okay.

This is my nightstand where I used to keep my gum wad.

This is my wardrobe where I keep all the clothes I don’t wear around my house. No pants to be seen here.

Dress up?

This is a half-eaten bowl of chowder I had for breakfast.

This is a voucher for Culver's.

This is where I work and watch the streams of Shiorin, Biboo, Fuwamoco, Kiwawa, Ollie... My harem is big; the list of my girlfriends is quite long.

This is my double bed, always ready for a visit from one of my girlfriends.

This is where I brush and floss my perfect teeth at least 3 times a day.

I can't leave my house like this.
I need to dress up first.

What was that? Kinda sounded like Nerizzler’s big gyatt falling down the stairs.
I guess it doesn’t matter. Anyway, let’s start the ritual.

I guess he wasn’t innocent enough.

The ritual failed so...
So, what am I supposed to do now?

Is that an ambulance? And it’s coming this way? This is my chance! I have to get out of this room and tell them what is happening here.

Business plan
Step 1. Find Rissa’s lost gum wad.
Step 2. Auction it off to jailbirds for a lot of money.
Step 3. Be rich.
I... I don’t know what to think about this...

It's an ordinary closet.
Perfect for hiding.

Fuwamoco at the end:
I don’t really understand what happened. (M)
Me too, Moco-chan. (F)

*ambulance people looking all over kitchen*
Oh, hello there. May I help you?
Hi, we received a call that there was a person here in need of medical assistance due to getting stabbed.
Oh, nyo. That sounds scawy. But there is no\fibody\fi like that in here. It must be my neighbors playing pranks on me again. They do these kinds of things all the time.
It seems so. Sorry for the intrusion, and have a nice day.
Have a nice day too.
*ambulance people leave*
*fuwamoco comes in looking around with ? emotion bubbles*
Where did he go? (FWMC M?)
You don’t have to worry about that. (S)
Oh, o-okay. (FWMC M?)
(Guess he’s dead.) (F) only fuwamoco route
(And got disposed of.) (M)  only fuwamoco route
*biboo and rissa come*
Maybe we \fican\fi get away with this! (B)
Yeah! (S)
I’m sorry I tried to call the police on you earlier, Shiori.
It’s okay. there, there.
*happy emotion bubbles*
And let’s not talk about this incident ever again! (S)
*happy emotion bubbles*

Move aside, Nerissa!
You know I can’t let you go through! (Rissa)
We’ll see about that! (B)
*rissa catches biboo*
Got you!
Are you sure?
*biboo slips through*
Ha ha ha! \fiI\fi got \fiyou\fi!
Biboo, no!
*biboo goes to the living room*
... Where’s the ambulance? Did it already leave? Was I too late?
*rissa comes in*
Ope, seems like it.
*biboo and rissa go to the kitchen*

Wh-What happened? I thought I died.
We patched you up. (S)
With bandages. (F)
And push-ups. (M)
And some condensed Shiorium. (S)
...push-ups?
Maybe I’m not the one to say this, but should really take better care of yourself [name]. You shouldn’t let other people cut you up and cannibalize you. (S)
Now go home darling and take a good rest. (N)
You really need it. I don’t know why the paramedics didn’t want to take you to the hospital.
And wipe the footprints off your face. You look really dumb. (S if stepped)
Been there. (N if stepped)
Umm... thanks... I guess you’re right.
*at the door*
Goodbye, everyone.
*turn invisibility on for Novelite (Player)*
Goodbye and see you next time! (S)
*leaves*
I guess it’s Shiover for real this time. For real. For real. (S)
*happy emoticons*
I love you all. (S)
Oh, I love you too, baby girl. (N)
We love you too, Shiori. (FWMC & B)
*happy emoticons*
*credits*
Good thing we managed to save that one. I would be sadshi if we didn’t.
Yeah. (everyone except Shiori)
And I don’t have another empty pot.
*menacingly cuts to pot (teleport to Dimitri plant in the kitchen)*

A letter from your sister
A letter from your older sister Hakos Baelz
Koseki Bijou, I can’t believe you never had a crush on Kovu.
Bae
Hakos Baelz...

Kiwawa’s feather
A feather you received from your oshi with a small engraving on the quill saying “For Wissa.”

Ollie’s bandage
A piece of bandage with a handwritten oath from your wife, saying “I promise that I will cheat on you. I will get new wives every single new day.”

This is a "fossil" my "archeologist" dad once gave me.

This is an "ancient artifact" my "archeologist" dad once brought me from "an ancient Egyptian pyramid".

It’s a map of the world.
It includes Europe where the mythical Europeans live.

It’s a typewriter.
I don’t even know how to use it. I only bought it because it looked fancy.

It's an anatomically accurate skeleton model.

It's a life-size cardboard cutout of Dimitri.

It’s Shiori’s dad’s Freemasonry membership card.
How did Dad’s membership card end up here?
I’ll tell him to pick it up the next time he comes by.

It’s a table.
Wait, this isn’t actually wood. It’s just a plastic table with a sticker that looks like wood.

It's a couple of labeled jars.
A bunch of jars? Eww... they’re all full of hair.
*pause*
Huh? What is this? They’re all labeled... Shiorium?

I think I should be able to slip out of this rope.
Shiori didn’t tie me up too tightly.

It's a plaque that says "Slab archive."

Go upstairs and bring me an empty potting pot from the library and a bag of soil from the bedroom. You don’t have to bring the plant itself. I’ll take care of it.
Got it!

This is too heavy to carry around along with the other objects. I’ll let Shiori handle this one.

Damn, this is heavy.

*turns around*
Um...
*? emote and turns around*
What’s up? Is something wrong?
This might not be the best time to ask but... What’s up with the plant? Why are you carrying it right now?
... (S)
... (M)
... (F)
It’s a long story. Just go already; there isn’t much time to waste.
O-okay.

It's a hamburger along with a fork and a knife.

It's a fridge. Half of the food inside is expired, moldy, or both.

It's a creepy-looking painting.

It's a case with figurines of Hololive and Dimitri.

*Shiori cooking in the kitchen*
*doorbell*
Someone’s at the door? I wonder who might it be? Biboo is supposed to come by later today but it’s still too early for that.

Shiori Bonkvella here, at your service!

Wow, she really is Shiori Bonkvella.

I guess I’m Shiori Treevella now!

Hey, Biboo! I brought you the food!
... What’s that?
Girl dinner!
... And ... what’s in it?
It’s just some instant ramen noodles with some Pocky sticks.
... In the same bowl? Pocky sticks? In instant ramen soup?
Mhm!
And you don’t see a problem with that?
What do you mean?
*pause*
Never mind, it’s okay. I’ll eat it. I really am starving.
*screen fades to black, eating sounds*
How was it?
It was... food... for sure.
Was it good?
Uhhh... y-yeah? I guess?
Great! I’ll go back now. Shiori might need my help with the... thing.
Yeah, sure. Thanks for the meal.
You’re welcome! I’m glad you liked it, Biboo.
*Biboo sweat emotion*
Y-yeah.
*Rissa leaves*
Okay, now that she’s gone again I can sneak out and look for the rest of the pebbles. There’s no time to waste. Let’s go!

I can’t leave now! Someone is about to walk into this room!

Let’s look around some more before leaving the room. Maybe there's still something hidden around here that could help me.

It’s a shotgun.
This is for... self-defense.

It’s a wardrobe full of berets, Hot Topic clothes, backpacks, and differently colored striped sleeves.

It's a book titled "Stockholm Syndrome and You."

It's a small figure of a frog.

It's a collection of seashells.

This one is too full of clothes to hide in.
There's no space for a person to enter.

It's a bed with a dakimakura of Dimitri lying on it.

It's a bag of potting soil.

It's an empty pot.
It's a bookshelf with a collection of books about
different political systems.
Democracy, Dictatorship, Anarchy, Shiocracy, Monarchy, and so on.

It's a bookshelf with a collection of tutorials about Unity, RPG Maker, and Vocaloids.

It's a couple of cardboard boxes with a microscope and a bunch of different samples inside.

There are also some spicy Dimitri doujins.

It's a sink with some tongs and dirty scissors in it.

It's a Japanese textbook and a vocabulary notebook.

cannibalism - 共喰い（ともぐい tomogui）
memory - 記憶（きおく kioku） / 思い出（おもいで omoide）
scissors - ハサミ（hasami）
kitchen knife - 包丁（ほうちょう houchou）
horn - 角（つの tsuno）
guard dog - 番犬（ばんけん banken）
rock - 石（いし ishi）
novel - 小説（しょうせつ shousetsu）
royalty-free - 著作権フリー（ちょさくけんフリー chosakukenfurii）
microscope - 顕微鏡（けんびきょう kenbikyou）
rigor mortis - 死後硬直（しごこうちょく shigokouchoku）
bruteforce - ゴリ押し（ゴリおし gorioshi）
self-inserter girl - 夢女子（ゆめじょし yumejoshi）
a girl liking male-on-male action - 腐女子（ふじょし fujoshi）

Ok, cool! Now I just need to wait for Rissa to come.

In the meantime, let’s go get some cleaning stuff from the bathroom. I should take care of that bloodstain on the kitchen floor.

I guess it doesn’t make sense to clean the kitchen floor right now when I’m going to make a big mess while cutting up this body anyway.
Let’s bring the plant here first. I left it in the library upstairs.

This whole situation turned into a huge mess. What should I do? I could handle a cadaver or two on my own, but not when dealing with Biboo at the same time.
*pause* *exclamation balloon*
I know! Let’s call Rissa! She would help me with anything!
*turn down* *dialing sound*
-phone conversation-

Now, let's go back to the kitchen!

I think I saw a bunch of boxes at the end of the hallway.
Maybe it’s worth checking them out.

I think I saw some boxes in the bedroom.
Maybe it’s worth checking them out.

I think I saw some boxes in the library.
Maybe it’s worth checking them out.

I’m sorry, but we will have to take a look ourselves.
*pushed fuwamoco away*
Ugh...

It's a plant in a bag of soil for replanting.

Biboo's fine.
She was a little hungry so I gave her something to eat, though.

Cool, I would be sadshi if anything happened to her because of me.

I'm going to need my trusty old hacksaw to chop up the body.
I'm pretty sure I left it somewhere in the basement.

Great!
Now, let's go back to the kitchen.
It's finally time to chop chop chop!

Hey, it opened!

*! balloon*
What are \fiyou\fi doing here, Fuwamoco?!
Shiori! We came over to visit and we found him like this! (F)
So we called an ambulance and we’re doing push-ups to help him, like the person on the phone said!
You called an ambulance?!
We can’t let an ambulance come here! You need to go to the front door and stop them from coming in, okay?!
But, what’s going to happen to him? He needs help!
Don’t worry about it. He’ll be... fine...
Oh, o-okay.
Now, can you be good guard dogs and protect our smiles from bad ambulance people?
Yes! Bau bau! (F)
Of course! Bau bau! (M)
Great, then I’ll leave it to you two, while I... attend other matters.
There is no time to waste.
Fuwamoco might buy me some time, but I’m pretty sure the ambulance is going to arrive here either way.

Now, I have one last thing to ask you.
What is it?

I think Biboo might be planning something.
That explosion sound from earlier was very suspicious.
Could you go check on her again and make sure that she's not onto some funky business?

There is no time! I need to dispose of this body before the ambulance arrives!

Let's go to the basement to pick up the hacksaw.
Let's go back to the kitchen.


*explosion*
*! balloons*
And what was that?
I have no idea.
I have a bad feeling about this. The explosion might’ve had something to do with Biboo’s antics. I’m afraid she could be trying to escape.
Could you go check on her again and make sure that she's not onto some funky business over there?
Sure, leave it to me!

Arrow keys / WASD - movement
ENTER / Z / Space - confirm / interact
ESC / X - cancel / open menu
Shift - run

It's a cutting board left in the middle of preparing some Thai dish from Thailand.

It's a bloodstain.

That was tough, but finally it’s time to clean up this place.

This might be just a measly bloodstain, but if the paramedics see it all sorts of suspicions will arise.
I should hurry!
*Shiori’s minigame*

Okay, it's done!

... What was that?
so heavy
Did you just fall down the stairs? Are you okay?
Yeah, I’m fine. I have some... amortization.
Oh, okay, cool.
Anyway, thanks for bringing everything, Rissa!
You can put it all down next to the plant.

Got it.

Not that I'm going to need it anymore, though.

There is no time to leave the kitchen!
I still need to clean up the bloodstain
on the floor.

This is not the bathroom/bedroom. I can’t waste any more time! He needs help as soon as possible!

*Rissa leaves her house*
*screen fades* (name display off? not if event is on Rissa’s doors)
*doorbell sound*
Come in!
*door sound* *teleport to kitchen* (map name on?)
*rest of dialogue*

Finally, I have all the pebbles I will need to perform the secret ritual!
Let’s head back!
*teleport back to streaming room - rest of dialogues about blood of the innocent*

The ambulance is going to be here any moment! We need to wait at the front door!

Oh, crap!
They're already here!
I hope Fuwamoco will stall them long enough for me to finish cleaning up this mess!

Let's finally take care of that bloodstain.
Quick, there's no time to waste!
The paramedics might walk in at any moment!

It's a cupboard.
There are some books with torn-out or half-eaten pages.
Some of the books are infested with Bookwyrm and Pages.

Huh? What is this?
This one is labeled... Bookwyrm?
And the other one is labeled Pages?

A couple of jars?
These have some living creatures inside!

You have to push harder, Moco-chan! He’s going to die!
I’m getting a little tired. How about you take over the push-ups, and I go look for some blanket to warm him up? He’s getting really cold.
Okay, sure! There should probably be some blankets in the bedroom upstairs.
Got it!

This is heavy...

An abomination of a meal.
Let's give it to Biboo!
Girl dinner

A pack of Pocky sticks.
Pocky

A pack of instant ramen noodles.
Instant ramen

Oh, look!
There's a pack of instant ramen noodles!
No idea why it's in the fridge, though.

Ok, I think I have all the ingredients now.
Let's use the stove!

Okay, let's do this!

Okay, let's pick this up.

Fuwamoco? I didn’t know you were here, too!
Rissa?! You’re also here?
Yeah, I’m just… helping Shiori out with something…
Anyway, I really want to put this heavy stuff away, so I will get going. See ya, Fuwamoco!
Okay! Bau bau!
See ya! Bau bau!

We have an important mission to carry out!
We need to protect the house from bad people!

*fwmc after explosion*
And what was that again? (M)
I don’t know… (F)
I’m getting scared… (M)
Me too… (F)
*sweat balloons*

The door was open, so I thought I would give Shiori a surprise!
She’s probably in the kitchen preparing some food for tonight.
I should go talk to her.

I… I guess I got knocked out.
*rock*
At least I can free myself from this rope by turning into a rock.
Let’s look around this place and try to find something that could help me escape!

I shouldn’t go there right now. Nerissa is preparing food for me in the kitchen. Let’s check upstairs first.

Oh, hey! A pebble!

I think I can hear Rissa's footsteps again!
She's probably coming back with the food.
Quick, I have to return to the chair to avoid suspicion!


Okay, she’s gone again.
Now is the best time to get the blood from the kitchen!

I shouldn’t go there right now.
I need to retrieve the blood from the kitchen!

Blood taken from the corpse in the kitchen

Great!
Now I can perform the secret ritual!
Let’s head back and set everything up!

Okay, everything is set up!
Let’s start!

Okay, now, let's add the blood…

And the ambulance is coming this way!
Hurry, Rissa!
There’s no time to waste!
Got it!

*doorbell*
They’re already here!
Let me through, Rissa!
You wish.
*Rissa catching Biboo minigame starts*

What is 10+9?
19 -> Correct!
21 -> Close enough.
other -> Try again.

Loop
 Choice
  Incorrect -> switch disable option
  Correct -> Break loop
End of loop
Reset switches
Loop…

What are Nerissa’s fans called?
Jailbirds
Bailjirds
How is this related to the situation? -> Trust me, this is vital information.


What are Fuwamoco’s fans called?
Ruffians
Wuffians (Close enough)
Baubauians
Wanians

Oh no, Shiori’s here.
I have to be sneaky.

Now she’s here?!
Give me a break.

It's an hourglass-themed clock.

There is no time to go anywhere!
I need to get to the ambulance before they leave!

Let's check out the kitchen, I guess.

